are you stuck indoors like the rest of
us wondering how you can help click the
link below to support Direct Relief they
provide personal protective equipment
and essential medical items to health
workers responding to coronavirus please
do your part and give what you can
[Music]
thousands of years ago humanity
developed the ability to speak to one
another now in the year 2019 BCE as in
before cats a fill will stretch the
descriptive ability of language to its
breaking point plunging viewers into a
wordless animal state of panic and
confusion able to only be out at a world
made senseless by what they've just seen
so without further ado Cass now the
director Tom Hooper has won his Oscar
Satan has returned to claim his half of
the deal in a film that keeps everything
insane about the Broadway show but
strips away the thrill of live
performance and weirdly keeps a lot of
the constraints of a state's production
for a marathon of celebrity for sona's
scream singing their way into your
retinas and since they sing everything I
can pick any card from a pack I'll
travel on a pouch she sits and sits
we're gonna do the same to you I am so
so sorry are you high did you hit up the
bar
[Music]
just thank your lucky stars you can't
see up their ass chemicals are the
Jellicle cats what the hell is a calico
cat Jellicle Taniguchi tackle chemical
Jellicle cat
[Music]
Taylor's ridicul Garrett's any practical
cats magneto clouds fall regrettable
cats Oh
[Applause]
I pray to God to love you slide the see
of the Broadway friends having fun while
she was gone
[Music]
[Applause]
in fact it's get ready for a horse show
that will shake you to your car for the
villages to hunt your dreams as your jaw
drops to the floor
right these roaches over here
Wilson stayin
the buzzy horror on display makes
Cronenberg look great
[Music]
sir eyes and go to sleep Dame Judy's
face will be there nobody saw this
phenomenal bomb that lost tons of money
reviews were all
[Applause]
and we all stop
[Music]
story
[Applause]
[Music]
but
balls of furry
we do those the same two dancing twins
were men in black international guys
you're a grey I'm a big fan
you should really fire your agent thanks
for watching and once again please click
the link below to support Direct Relief
anything helps and remember wash your
hands something something dark side
something something something complete
I'm Bill Hader and haters gonna hate